java c
Intermediate Econometrics - 5QQMN938 
Assessment 1– Individual Coursework 
(40% of total module grade)
The Task 
Project BriefThe global economy has recently experienced a period of   inflationary pressure characterised by a complex   set of political and socio-economic events.   The   Covid-19   pandemic’s   lockdowns   resulted   in   forth-and-back   switch from   goods to   services   as   economies   reopened. These   swift   changes   put   pressure   on the   supply   chains and occurred during unprecedented   fiscal and monetary   stimulus.   The   Ukrainian-Russo   conflict   since   2022   has   only   exacerbated   the   pressure.   By   mid-2022,   global   inflation   had   tripled   relative   to   its   pre-   pandemic   level.   Policymakers   around the world   have   responded,   resulting   in   a   global tightening   cycle,   or   “Great Tightening”. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) recently wrote:
“As   global   disinflation   continues,   services   price   inflation   remains   elevated   in   many   regions,   pointing to the
importance   of   understanding   sectoral   dynamics   and   of   calibrating   monetary   policy   accordingly.”
Source: IMF World Economic Outlook October 2024In this project you will become an inflation forecaster for a country   in a   selection   of global   economies   (see   “Country Allocation” below). Your analysis will be to analyse the total inflation rate as well ascore inflation.   You will   provide some   background and context to   recent and   historical   trends   in   inflation,   select   between   econometric   forecasting   models   and   make   forecasts   of   total   and   core   inflation   in   2025Q1.   The   dataset   “MajorCountries.xlsx”   contains   data   on   the   total   and   core   consumer   price   index   (CPI)   for   08   selected   countries.       Each   series   is   taken   from   the   national   source   and   was   downloaded   from   the   aggregator   Macrobond. The data are quarterly, and the dataset contains all available observations until the present.Your task   is to   produce an A4 poster which   can   be   used   as your   economy’s   “Quarterly   Inflation   Update”   and presented at an economic forum on inflation. The poster should   be visually   appealing   and   convey   all   of   the information in a concise way. The design   and layout   of   the poster   is   up   to   you   (short   text,   graphics,   tables, equations, infographics etc. are all allowed). The poster should have the following basic structure:Data Analysis: Provide   background   and   context   to   total   and   core   CPI   inflation   in   your   country   (using   the   quarter-on-quarter   inflation   rate),   identify any   notable   historic   movements and analyse the   series’   recent   time ser代 写Intermediate Econometrics - 5QQMN938 Assessment 1Python
代做程序编程语言ies behaviour. Further concise and relevant discussions are encouraged.
Econometric Modelling: Select   and   report   appropriate forecasting   models for the two   CPI   inflation   rates,   using   primarily   the   BIC   to   select   between   all   AR(p)   models   with   lags   of   p   from   one   to   four.   Discuss   and   critically evaluate the models and the limitations of   the modelling approach.
Forecasting: Produce and graphically display   the   forecasts   for the two inflation rates   for   the period 2025Q1.   Evaluate the forecasts and their   uncertainty and   make   a   conclusion   in the   context   of the   global   economic   situation.
Appendix: Provide all   Stata   codes   used   in the analysis. These   can   be   placed   on   a   separate   page   after the   A4   poster.   The   provision   of   Stata   codes   which   replicate   all   of   the   results   in   the   project   is   a   minimum   requirement. Students who wish   to explore using different coding languages can do so, but   it will not attract   any additional grades.
Examples The format and design of   the poster is up to you. However, you may take inspiration from posters you find   online.   For   example,   the STEM for Britain poster   competition.   This   gives   examples   of   similar   research   posters.   It   is   up   to   you   to   judge   whether   they   look   good   or   bad!   Pay   particular   attention   to   their   use   of   headings,   colour,    sparing    use    of   text,    graphics   and    infographics,    presentation    of   graphs,    tables    and   equations. Refer to Keats’s marking criteria for more.
Submission The final   submission   should   only   include the   cover   sheet, the A4   poster   (one   page)   and   an   appendix   with   Stata codes (fit to one page, you can use two columns if necessary). The total submission should therefore   not exceed two sides of A4 after the cover sheet. There is   no   specific word   limit for the   poster as this will   include visual elements, but you are strongly recommended not to exceed 300 words of   text (this does not   apply to the Stata appendix of cover sheet). Bear in mind that part of   the marks for the project is awarded   for presentation (see “Marking” below) where very concise   discussion   and   summary   is   preferred.   Before   submitting a poster, which looks like an essay, check the marking criteria (posted on Keats) for the project.The use of an A4 poster must be strictly followed. You must submit a   pdf of   the document to Turnitin. If   you   use   Microsoft Word, you   should export this to   pdf first   using   File->Export.   For   Equations   or   Mathematical   Notations, you can use Insert/Equations for professional formatting.



         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
